Dev Notes for Final Project

25th Jan OK: This is where I'm at

Have writen multiple scripts: 

1.	parse_description_data.py (parses the description data and creates json ) 
2.	run.py  (uploads the supplied data to the website using requests) 
3.	report_email.py  (including main)  coordinates the creation of pdf and confirmation of email to supplier
4.	reports.py (script to generate and create a pdf report) 
5.	to do:  emails.py  (includes methods to generate and send an email) 
6.	to do: yet unamed[script to monitor system rescourses and generate alert] 

All going well but then hit a bottle neck when writing reports.py. (pdf creation). because the reports library seems to expect paragraph data to be supplied as a list of strings formated with markdown (for pdf creation). Really need to revise reports module and the use of markdown to create pdfs. 
I think I went wrong in parse_description_data.py. Why? It worked (to uploaded images and descriptive text to server. However, I used json.dumps() method to create a json object which I uploaded directly. I think I should have used json.dump() to create a temporary json file (A list of key: value objects.) that were saved as a json file. 
As a result, when I came to writing script for  to generate report.py I started trying to reinvent the wheel by parsing the descriptive files again. This was a waste of time. I believe I should have been loaded the (temporary) json file previously exported. (as I did before). In effect, I would then be working with json data (lists of key value pairs). I believe this is what is expected by reports and it makes it much easy to process and insert <br> linebreaks inbetween extracted data. 

What I need to do: 

revisted cars.py and figure out how I produced the summary paragraph included as paragraph text in pdf. 
re-write parse_description_data using json.dump() rather than dumps()  (or is it other way round?)
review and revise the reportLab module and understand how to tag paragraph text. 
Key take way:  
	get to know thy types: don't confuse strings and lists of strings
	export json for reuse (use json.dump() and json.load ()
	think holistically (how do all modules work together) and trust instincts.
	Don't create work for yourself. 
Other things: 
	why did I call the file; parse_descirption_data()  was that in the instructions? 
	I really ought to be using github. I still haven't figured if I can pull and pull from github from 	within the coursera virtal machine 
	don't be disheartened. I've made considerable progress. For example, this is infact a file 	called /tmp/processed in the root directory which I created. 


